#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
In this paper, we suggest a parsimounous model for detecting differences
 between correlation-matrix populations.
 In contrast to mass-univariate approaches, we model the cross-dependencies
 that are present in correlation matrices, using Wishart and asymptotic
 theories.
 This allows us to control and reduce the number of parameters in our model,
 and to avoid the mass loss of power as a result of post-??? multiple-comparison
s corrections.
 We demonstarte the use of our model using an assumption of multiplicaltive
 relation between diagnosed and control populations (as opposed to additive
 relations), using a link function between both populations.
 We demonstrate our model on data gathered by ??? 
\backslash
citep{} on TGA diagnosed patients, and we were able to find significant
 effects on previously null finding, due to the reductment in parameters
 and comparisons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This model is a framework for further generalization and development, by
 experimenting with different link functions or increasing the dimension
 of 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha$
\end_inset

 to allow more complex relations between populations.
 One of the current limitations of the model is it's assumption of comparing
 two populations (diagnosed and control), while most fMRI studies concentrate
 on inter-subject comparison - comparing the functional connectivity of
 the patient before and after an event.
 These comparisons further complicate the covariance structure between and
 in observations, and require further research and development.
 Another direction is an implimentation of the model on inverse correlation
 matrices.
 as used by many [cite].
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
